Remove Tsurf_factor (#972)
MESAHub/mesa: docs/source/changelog.rst

For a more in-depth look at the new build system, see :doc:`developing/build-system`. If you change the build system in any way (e.g. skipping tests, building dynamic/shared libraries), it is highly recommended to have a look at this document.

> ``Tsurf_factor`` was deprecated, and the associated controls and history column have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Tsurf_factor`` and the associated controls and history column have been removed as they affected nothing. These controls were effectively deprecated after the removal of the black body boundary condition in 21.12.1.
```
